some four
some four chief musician a contemplate
chief musician a contemplate
chief musician a contemplate Quora as the deer pants for the water
Quora as the deer pants for the water
Quora as the deer pants for the water Brooks so pants my soul for you Oh God
Brooks so pants my soul for you Oh God
Brooks so pants my soul for you Oh God my soul thirsts for God for the Living
my soul thirsts for God for the Living
my soul thirsts for God for the Living God when shall I come and appear before
God when shall I come and appear before
God when shall I come and appear before God my tears have been my food day and
God my tears have been my food day and
God my tears have been my food day and night while they continually say to me
night while they continually say to me
night while they continually say to me where is your God and I remember these
where is your God and I remember these
where is your God and I remember these things I pour out my soul within me for
things I pour out my soul within me for
things I pour out my soul within me for I used to go with the multitude I went
I used to go with the multitude I went
I used to go with the multitude I went with them to the house of God with the
with them to the house of God with the
with them to the house of God with the voice of joy and praise with a multitude
voice of joy and praise with a multitude
voice of joy and praise with a multitude that kept a pilgrim feast why are you
that kept a pilgrim feast why are you
that kept a pilgrim feast why are you cast down on my soul and why are you
cast down on my soul and why are you
cast down on my soul and why are you disquieted within me hope in God for I
disquieted within me hope in God for I
disquieted within me hope in God for I shall yet praise him for the help of his
shall yet praise him for the help of his
shall yet praise him for the help of his countenance oh my god my soul is cast
countenance oh my god my soul is cast
countenance oh my god my soul is cast down within me therefore I will remember
down within me therefore I will remember
down within me therefore I will remember you from the land of the Jordan and from
you from the land of the Jordan and from
you from the land of the Jordan and from the heights of Hermon from the hill
the heights of Hermon from the hill
the heights of Hermon from the hill Mizar deep calls unto deep at the noise
Mizar deep calls unto deep at the noise
Mizar deep calls unto deep at the noise of your waterfalls all your waves and
of your waterfalls all your waves and
of your waterfalls all your waves and billows have gone over me the Lord will
billows have gone over me the Lord will
billows have gone over me the Lord will command his loving-kindness in the
command his loving-kindness in the
command his loving-kindness in the daytime and in the night his song shall
daytime and in the night his song shall
daytime and in the night his song shall be with me a prayer to the God of my
be with me a prayer to the God of my
be with me a prayer to the God of my life I will say to God my rock why have
life I will say to God my rock why have
life I will say to God my rock why have you forgotten me why do I go mourning
you forgotten me why do I go mourning
you forgotten me why do I go mourning because of the oppression of the enemy
because of the oppression of the enemy
because of the oppression of the enemy is with a breaking of my bones my
is with a breaking of my bones my
is with a breaking of my bones my enemy's reproach me while they say to me
enemy's reproach me while they say to me
enemy's reproach me while they say to me all day long where is your God why are
all day long where is your God why are
all day long where is your God why are you cast down on my soul and why are you
you cast down on my soul and why are you
you cast down on my soul and why are you disquieted within me hope in God for I
disquieted within me hope in God for I
disquieted within me hope in God for I shall yet praise Him the help of my
shall yet praise Him the help of my
shall yet praise Him the help of my countenance and
countenance and
countenance and my god